README.md, before:

# influxdb-relay

[![License][license-img]][license-href]

1. [Overview](#overview)
2. [Description](#description)
3. [Requirements](#requirements)
4. [Setup](#setup)
5. [Usage](#usage)
6. [Limitations](#limitations)
7. [Development](#development)
8. [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)

## Overview

Maintained fork of [influxdb-relay][overview-href] originally developed by
InfluxData. Replicate InfluxDB data for high availability.

## Description

This project adds a basic high availability layer to InfluxDB. With the right
architecture and disaster recovery processes, this achieves a highly available
setup.

## Tested on

- [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) 1.7.4 to 1.11.2
- [InfluxDB](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v1.6/introduction/installation/) 1.6.4 to 1.7

Other versions will probably work but are untested.

## Setup

### Go

Download the daemon into your `$GOPATH` and install it in `/sur/sbin`.

```sh
go get -u github.com/vente-privee/influxdb-relay
cp ${GOPATH}/bin/influxdb-relay /usr/bin/influxdb-relay
chmod 755 /usr/bin/influxdb-relay
```

Create the configuration file in `/etc/influxdb-relay`.

```sh
mkdir -p /etc/influxdb-relay
cp ${GOPATH}/src/github.com/vente-privee/influxdb-relay/examples/sample.conf \
   /etc/influxdb-relay/influxdb-relay.conf
```

### Docker

Build your own image.

```sh
git clone git@github.com:vente-privee/influxdb-relay
cd influxdb-relay
docker build \
       --file Dockerfile \
       --rm \
       --tag influxdb-relay:latest \
       .
docker run \
       --volume /path/to/influxdb-relay.conf:/etc/influxdb-relay/influxdb-relay.conf
       --rm
       influxdb-relay:latest
```

or

Docker pull our image.

```sh
docker pull vptech/influxdb-relay:latest
docker run \
       --volume /path/to/influxdb-relay.conf:/etc/influxdb-relay/influxdb-relay.conf
       --rm
       vptech/influxdb-relay:latest
```

## Usage

You can find more documentation in [docs](docs) folder.

* [Architecture](docs/architecture.md)
* [Buffering](docs/buffering.md)
* [Caveats](docs/caveats.md)
* [Recovery](docs/recovery.md)
* [Filters](docs/filters.md)
* [Sharding](docs/sharding.md)

You can find some configurations in [examples](examples) folder.

* [sample.conf](examples/sample.conf)
* [sample_buffered.conf](examples/sample_buffered.conf)
* [kapacitor.conf](examples/kapacitor.conf)

### Configuration

```toml
[[http]]
# Name of the HTTP server, used for display purposes only.
name = "example-http"

# TCP address to bind to, for HTTP server.
bind-addr = "127.0.0.1:9096"

# Timeout for /health route
health-timeout-ms = 10000

# Request limiting (Applied to all backend)
rate-limit = 5
burst-limit = 10

# Ping response code, default is 204
default-ping-response = 200

# Enable HTTPS requests.
ssl-combined-pem = "/path/to/influxdb-relay.pem"

# InfluxDB instances to use as backend for Relay
[[http.output]]
# name: name of the backend, used for display purposes only.
name="local-influxdb01"

# location: full URL of the /write endpoint of the backend
location="http://127.0.0.1:8086/"

# endpoints: Routes to use on Relay
# write: Route for standard InfluxDB request
# write_prom: Route for Prometheus request
# ping: Route for ping request
# query: Route fot querying InfluxDB backends
endpoints = {write="/write", write_prom="/api/v1/prom/write", ping="/ping", query="/query"}

# timeout: Go-parseable time duration. Fail writes if incomplete in this time.
timeout="10s"

# skip-tls-verification: skip verification for HTTPS location. WARNING: it's insecure. Don't use in production.
skip-tls-verification = false

# InfluxDB
[[http.output]]
name="local-influxdb02"
location="http://127.0.0.1:7086/"
endpoints = {write="/write", ping="/ping", query="/query"}
timeout="10s"

# Prometheus
[[http.output]]
name="local-influxdb03"
location="http://127.0.0.1:6086/"
endpoints = {write="/write", write_prom="/api/v1/prom/write", ping="/ping", query="/query"}
timeout="10s"

[[http.output]]
name="local-influxdb05"
location="http://127.0.0.1:5086/"
endpoints = {write="/write", write_prom="/api/v1/prom/write", ping="/ping", query="/query"}
timeout="10s"

[[udp]]
# Name of the UDP server, used for display purposes only.
name = "example-udp"

# UDP address to bind to.
bind-addr = "127.0.0.1:9096"

# Socket buffer size for incoming connections.
read-buffer = 0 # default

# Precision to use for timestamps
precision = "n" # Can be n, u, ms, s, m, h

# InfluxDB instance to use as backend for Relay.
[[udp.output]]
# name: name of the backend, used for display purposes only.
name="local1"

# location: host and port of backend.
location="127.0.0.1:8089"

# mtu: maximum output payload size
mtu=512

[[udp.output]]
name="local2"
location="127.0.0.1:7089"
mtu=1024
```

InfluxDB Relay is able to forward from a variety of input sources, including:

* `influxdb`
* `prometheus`

The `type` parameter in the configuration file defaults to `influxdb`.

### Administrative tasks

#### /admin endpoint

Whereas data manipulation relies on the `/write` endpoint, some other features
such as database or user management are based on the `/query` endpoint. As
InfluxDB Relay does not send back a response body to the client(s), we are not
able to forward all of the features this endpoint provides. Still, we decided
to expose it through the `/admin` route.

It is now possible to query the `/admin` endpoint. Its usage is the same as the
standard `/query` Influx DB enpoint:

```
curl -X POST "http://127.0.0.1:9096/admin" --data-urlencode 'q=CREATE DATABASE some_database'
```

Errors will be logged just like regular `/write` queries. The HTTP response
bodies will not be forwarded back to the clients.

#### /health endpoint

This endpoint provides a quick way to check the state of all the backends.
It will return a JSON object detailing the status of the backends like this : 

```json
{
  "status": "problem",
  "problem": {
    "local-influxdb01": "KO. Get http://influxdb/ping: dial tcp: lookup influxdb on 0.0.0.0:8086: no such host"
  },
  "healthy": {
    "local-influxdb02": "OK. Time taken 3ms"
  }
}
```

If the relay encounters an error while checking a backend, this backend will be reported with the associated error in the `problems` object.
The backends wich the relay was able to communicate with will be reported in the healthy object.

The status field is a summary of the general state of the backends, the defined states are as follows:
* `healthy`: no errors were encountered
* `problem`: some backends, but no all of them, returned errors
* `critical`: every backend returned an error

### Filters

We allow tags and measurements filtering through regular expressions. Please,
take a look at [this document](docs/filters.md) for more information.

## Limitations

So far, this is compatible with Debian, RedHat, and other derivatives.

Moreover, the `type` parameter is not supported when it comes to UDP forwarding.

## Development

Please read carefully [CONTRIBUTING.md][contribute-href] before making a merge
request.

Clone repository into your `$GOPATH`.

```sh
mkdir -p ${GOPATH}/src/github.com/vente-privee
cd ${GOPATH}/src/github.com/vente-privee
git clone git@github.com:vente-privee/influxdb-relay
```

Enter the directory and build the daemon.

```sh
cd ${GOPATH}/src/github.com/vente-privee/influxdb-relay
go build -a -ldflags '-extldflags "-static"' -o influxdb-relay
```

## Miscellaneous

```
    ╚⊙ ⊙╝
  ╚═(███)═╝
 ╚═(███)═╝
╚═(███)═╝
 ╚═(███)═╝
  ╚═(███)═╝
   ╚═(███)═╝
```

[license-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[license-href]: LICENSE
[overview-href]: https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb-relay
[contribute-href]: CONTRIBUTING.md

Commit message:

Little modification in README and Kapacitor configuration

README.md, after:

# influxdb-relay

[![License][license-img]][license-href]

1. [Overview](#overview)
2. [Description](#description)
3. [Requirements](#requirements)
4. [Setup](#setup)
5. [Usage](#usage)
6. [Limitations](#limitations)
7. [Development](#development)
8. [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)

## Overview

Maintained fork of [influxdb-relay][overview-href] originally developed by
InfluxData. Replicate InfluxDB data for high availability.

## Description

This project adds a basic high availability layer to InfluxDB. With the right
architecture and disaster recovery processes, this achieves a highly available
setup.

## Tested on

- [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) 1.7.4 to 1.11.2
- [InfluxDB](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v1.6/introduction/installation/) 1.6.4 to 1.7

Other versions will probably work but are untested.

## Setup

### Go

Download the daemon into your `$GOPATH` and install it in `/sur/sbin`.

```sh
go get -u github.com/vente-privee/influxdb-relay
cp ${GOPATH}/bin/influxdb-relay /usr/bin/influxdb-relay
chmod 755 /usr/bin/influxdb-relay
```

Create the configuration file in `/etc/influxdb-relay`.

```sh
mkdir -p /etc/influxdb-relay
cp ${GOPATH}/src/github.com/vente-privee/influxdb-relay/examples/sample.conf \
   /etc/influxdb-relay/influxdb-relay.conf
```

### Docker

Build your own image.

```sh
git clone git@github.com:vente-privee/influxdb-relay
cd influxdb-relay
docker build \
       --file Dockerfile \
       --rm \
       --tag influxdb-relay:latest \
       .
docker run \
       --volume /path/to/influxdb-relay.conf:/etc/influxdb-relay/influxdb-relay.conf
       --rm
       influxdb-relay:latest
```

or

Docker pull our image.

```sh
docker pull vptech/influxdb-relay:latest
docker run \
       --volume /path/to/influxdb-relay.conf:/etc/influxdb-relay/influxdb-relay.conf
       --rm
       vptech/influxdb-relay:latest
```

## Usage

You can find more documentation in [docs](docs) folder.

* [Architecture](docs/architecture.md)
* [Buffering](docs/buffering.md)
* [Caveats](docs/caveats.md)
* [Recovery](docs/recovery.md)
* [Filters](docs/filters.md)
* [Sharding](docs/sharding.md)

You can find some configurations in [examples](examples) folder.

* [sample.conf](examples/sample.conf)
* [sample_buffered.conf](examples/sample_buffered.conf)
* [kapacitor.conf](examples/kapacitor.conf)

### Configuration

```toml
[[http]]
# Name of the HTTP server, used for display purposes only.
name = "example-http"

# TCP address to bind to, for HTTP server.
bind-addr = "127.0.0.1:9096"

# Timeout for /health route
# After this time, the host may be considered down
health-timeout-ms = 10000

# Request limiting (Applied to all backend)
rate-limit = 5
burst-limit = 10

# Ping response code, default is 204
default-ping-response = 200

# Enable HTTPS requests.
ssl-combined-pem = "/path/to/influxdb-relay.pem"

# InfluxDB instances to use as backend for Relay
[[http.output]]
# name: name of the backend, used for display purposes only.
name="local-influxdb01"

# location: full URL of the /write endpoint of the backend
location="http://127.0.0.1:8086/"

# endpoints: Routes to use on Relay
# write: Route for standard InfluxDB request
# write_prom: Route for Prometheus request
# ping: Route for ping request
# query: Route fot querying InfluxDB backends
endpoints = {write="/write", write_prom="/api/v1/prom/write", ping="/ping", query="/query"}

# timeout: Go-parseable time duration. Fail writes if incomplete in this time.
timeout="10s"

# skip-tls-verification: skip verification for HTTPS location. WARNING: it's insecure. Don't use in production.
skip-tls-verification = false

# InfluxDB
[[http.output]]
name="local-influxdb02"
location="http://127.0.0.1:7086/"
endpoints = {write="/write", ping="/ping", query="/query"}
timeout="10s"

# Prometheus
[[http.output]]
name="local-influxdb03"
location="http://127.0.0.1:6086/"
endpoints = {write="/write", write_prom="/api/v1/prom/write", ping="/ping", query="/query"}
timeout="10s"

[[http.output]]
name="local-influxdb05"
location="http://127.0.0.1:5086/"
endpoints = {write="/write", write_prom="/api/v1/prom/write", ping="/ping", query="/query"}
timeout="10s"

[[udp]]
# Name of the UDP server, used for display purposes only.
name = "example-udp"

# UDP address to bind to.
bind-addr = "127.0.0.1:9096"

# Socket buffer size for incoming connections.
read-buffer = 0 # default

# Precision to use for timestamps
precision = "n" # Can be n, u, ms, s, m, h

# InfluxDB instance to use as backend for Relay.
[[udp.output]]
# name: name of the backend, used for display purposes only.
name="local1"

# location: host and port of backend.
location="127.0.0.1:8089"

# mtu: maximum output payload size
mtu=512

[[udp.output]]
name="local2"
location="127.0.0.1:7089"
mtu=1024
```

InfluxDB Relay is able to forward from a variety of input sources, including:

* `influxdb`
* `prometheus`

### Administrative tasks

#### /admin endpoint

Whereas data manipulation relies on the `/write` endpoint, some other features
such as database or user management are based on the `/query` endpoint. As
InfluxDB Relay does not send back a response body to the client(s), we are not
able to forward all of the features this endpoint provides. Still, we decided
to expose it through the `/admin` route.

It is now possible to query the `/admin` endpoint. Its usage is the same as the
standard `/query` Influx DB enpoint:

```
curl -X POST "http://127.0.0.1:9096/admin" --data-urlencode 'q=CREATE DATABASE some_database'
```

Errors will be logged just like regular `/write` queries. The HTTP response
bodies will not be forwarded back to the clients.

#### /health endpoint

This endpoint provides a quick way to check the state of all the backends.
It will return a JSON object detailing the status of the backends like this : 

```json
{
  "status": "problem",
  "problem": {
    "local-influxdb01": "KO. Get http://influxdb/ping: dial tcp: lookup influxdb on 0.0.0.0:8086: no such host"
  },
  "healthy": {
    "local-influxdb02": "OK. Time taken 3ms"
  }
}
```

If the relay encounters an error while checking a backend, this backend will be reported with the associated error in the `problems` object.
The backends wich the relay was able to communicate with will be reported in the healthy object.

The status field is a summary of the general state of the backends, the defined states are as follows:
* `healthy`: no errors were encountered
* `problem`: some backends, but no all of them, returned errors
* `critical`: every backend returned an error

### Filters

We allow tags and measurements filtering through regular expressions. Please,
take a look at [this document](docs/filters.md) for more information.

## Limitations

So far, this is compatible with Debian, RedHat, and other derivatives.

## Development

Please read carefully [CONTRIBUTING.md][contribute-href] before making a merge
request.

Clone repository into your `$GOPATH`.

```sh
mkdir -p ${GOPATH}/src/github.com/vente-privee
cd ${GOPATH}/src/github.com/vente-privee
git clone git@github.com:vente-privee/influxdb-relay
```

Enter the directory and build the daemon.

```sh
cd ${GOPATH}/src/github.com/vente-privee/influxdb-relay
go build -a -ldflags '-extldflags "-static"' -o influxdb-relay
```

## Miscellaneous

```
    ╚⊙ ⊙╝
  ╚═(███)═╝
 ╚═(███)═╝
╚═(███)═╝
 ╚═(███)═╝
  ╚═(███)═╝
   ╚═(███)═╝
```

[license-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[license-href]: LICENSE
[overview-href]: https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb-relay
[contribute-href]: CONTRIBUTING.md
